readme.md, before:

## Description
Testing different numerical integration methods for acceleration/velocity of 2D bodies in Godot.

| method                         | symplectic[^1] | error order | variable Δt[^3] | samples per step[^2] |
|--------------------------------|----------------|-------------|-----------------|----------------------|
| Basic Euler                    | ❌             | O(Δt)       | ❌             | 1                    |
| Symplectic Euler / Rigidbody2D | ✔️             | O(Δt)       | ❌             | 1                    |
| Velocity Verlet                | ✔️             | O(Δt^2)     | ✔️             | 1[^4]                |
| Leapfrog                       | ✔️             | O(Δt^2)     | ❔             | 1[^4]                |
| Midpoint                       | ❔             | O(Δt^2)     | ❌             | 2                    |
| RK4                            | ❌             | O(Δt^4)     | ❔             | 4                    |



[^1]: The system conserves energy if the underlying system does (ie. planets orbit does not change total energy)

[^2]: Actual number is doubled if integrating both acceleration and velocity

[^3]: Is the error constant with a variable timestep? While a workaround is to have a fixed timestep, this is still a preferred property that enables changing the speed of the simulation at runtime

[^4]: Theoretically it's 2, but one sample can be cached from one frame to the next as it is the same value

Testing scenarios:
- Ballistic trajectory - constant acceleration
- Orbital mechanics - acceleration depends on position

## TODO
- normalize acceleration sampling in all tests
- update tests and results

[Results (preliminary)](results.md) - comparison and errors from analytical solutions

[References](references.md)

Commit message:

added forest ruth (symplectic high order)

readme.md, after:

## Description
Testing different numerical integration methods for acceleration/velocity of 2D bodies in Godot.

| method                         | symplectic[^1] | error order | variable Δt[^3] | samples per step[^2] |
|--------------------------------|----------------|-------------|-----------------|----------------------|
| Basic Euler                    | ❌             | O(Δt)       | ❌             | 1                    |
| Symplectic Euler / Rigidbody2D | ✔️             | O(Δt)       | ❌             | 1                    |
| Velocity Verlet                | ✔️             | O(Δt^2)     | ✔️             | 1[^4]                |
| Leapfrog                       | ✔️             | O(Δt^2)     | ❌             | 1[^4]                |
| Midpoint                       | ❌             | O(Δt^2)     | ❌             | 2                    |
| RK4                            | ❌             | O(Δt^4)     | ❔             | 4                    |
| Forest Ruth                    | ✔️             | O(Δt^4)     | ✔️             | 3                    |


[^1]: The system conserves energy if the underlying system does (ie. planets orbit does not change total energy)

[^2]: Actual number is doubled if integrating both acceleration and velocity. Note that this is not an accurate indicator of performance

[^3]: Is the error constant with a variable timestep? While a workaround is to have a fixed timestep, this is still a preferred property that enables changing the speed of the simulation at runtime

[^4]: Theoretically it's 2, but one sample can be cached from one frame to the next as it is the same value

Testing scenarios:
- Ballistic trajectory - constant acceleration
- Orbital mechanics - acceleration depends on position

## TODO
- FR([ForestRust](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symplectic_integrator#A_fourth-order_example))/PEFRL/yoshida
- normalize acceleration sampling in all tests
- update tests and results
- new tests: harmonic oscillator/battle royale

[Results (preliminary)](results.md) - comparison and errors from analytical solutions

[References](references.md)
